Unless you can prove that, the programs will have a
salutary economic impact on the state. It's
needed desperately for some reason. I'm not sure
that we can prove that right now. Do you think that
with the new dean coming in, that it might be
possible to have a new degree program at any
college because of the new dean? He will certainly
have a honeymoon period during which time the
provost office and others will try to meet his
interest and his demands. I don't know that that
will be a real high priority for him. We've not
talked about that at all. As far as new programs for
the college are concerned, the program of visual
studies is probably more important for the campus
as well. I would expect that would occupy more of
his attention than the program in Irvington at
this
point. The accreditation team was surprised that
there was no undergraduate lead in degree program
for the MEP. And this would be an appropriate
vehicle for that. And of course, we've had
continual frustration within the college in
reaching undergraduate students with our
undergraduate planning courses.
Yeah. Historically, the pre-architecture
students have not taken planning courses, which
is crazy. Not even the architecture students take
part in classes. That's true. Which is odd. It
seems to me that a course in planning should be
required for architecture students, and
certainly for undergraduates toward the end of
their undergraduate academic career. Yeah, I
think later rather than earlier. They don't have
vocabulary to understand what we're talking
about until they're juniors or seniors. Some of
them don't even know where they are when they're
freshmen or sophomores, let alone what they're
doing here and what they're studying. Or what the
strange discipline might be that they've never
heard of before.
Don, can you think of anything else you'd like to
add?
OK, well, I want to thank you for your time. And
you'll be receiving in due course a transcript,
which you may mark up in whatever way you want and
then return it to me. And that'll be used to write
the history of accounting education in Texas.
Thank you. Thank you.